---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "googleworkspace_group_members Resource - terraform-provider-googleworkspace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Group resource manages Google Workspace Groups.
---

# googleworkspace_group_members (Resource)

Group resource manages Google Workspace Groups.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **group_id** (String) Identifies the group in the API request. The value can be the group's email address, group alias, or the unique group ID.
- **member** (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--member))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member`

Required:

- **email** (String) The member's email address. A member can be a user or another group. This property isrequired when adding a member to a group. The email must be unique and cannot be an alias ofanother group. If the email address is changed, the API automatically reflects the email address changes.

Optional:

- **role** (String) The member's role in a group. The API returns an error for cycles in group memberships. For example, if group1 is a member of group2, group2 cannot be a member of group1. Acceptable values are: `MANAGER`: This role is only available if the Google Groups for Business is enabled using the Admin Console. A `MANAGER` role can do everything done by an `OWNER` role except make a member an `OWNER` or delete the group. A group can have multiple `MANAGER` members. `MEMBER`: This role can subscribe to a group, view discussion archives, and view the group's membership list. `OWNER`: This role can send messages to the group, add or remove members, change member roles, change group's settings, and delete the group. An OWNER must be a member of the group. A group can have more than one OWNER. Defaults to `MEMBER`.

Read-Only:

- **etag** (String) ETag of the resource.


